OpenCRG allows to use crg files with chrono_vehicle. The data format is very compact. 
Roads of arbitrary length can be handled. If you want to use it you have to build the
OpenCRG support library before building chrono. Get the distribution here:

http://www.opencrg.org

The most actual version is OpenCRG.1.1.2.zip. For Mac and Linux you can use the 
provided makefiles. Alternatively you can use the CMakeLists.txt file in this directory.
It should also work for Windows. Do this:

1. Copy OpenCRG.1.1.2.zip to a location of your coice
2. Unpack the zip archive: unzip -a OpenCRG.1.1.2.zip (Max,Linux) or take the Windows 
   Explorer
3. Copy this CMakeLists.txt into /your/path/OpenCRG.1.1.2/c-api
4. Configure it: cmake /your/path/OpenCRG.1.1.2/c-api similar to chrono
5. Build it: make (Mac, Linux), for Windows take the build tools that you used for 
   configuration (Nmake, Visual Studio VSxx.yy or what ever)
6. The generated files are CrgBaseLib.h and libOpenCRG.a (Mac, Linux) rsp. OpenCRG.lib (Windows)
7. Install the files
8. When you configure chrono let the configure script point to the needed OpenCRG files

You can also use the GUI version of cmake if you want. The OpenCRG is built as a static
library in all cases.

Why should anybody use crg files?

Chrono_vehicle has to calculate the wheel/road contact points very often. Since the OpenCRG
file act like an equidistant ordered mesh the calculation time is deterministic independent
of the road length, width and resolution. A vehicle course line can easily be generated
from the crg. Also the 3d surface definition is contained, so no additional obj file is
needed.

The standard of chrono is to use unordered meshs that make the calculation time grow with
mesh size and complexity. Some tasks need to use adaptive mesh refinement, in this cases
OpenCRG is not the right tool to use. Actually crg files cannot be used for tiled terrain
surfaces.

If you want to generate crg files, please use Matlab. It is the safest way to do because
it allows pretty good error and consistency checking and generates binary format.

